#ReviseWithArsh #6Companies30Days Challenge 2023

A Challenge to make sure you start with your goals today , don’t procrastinate and don’t let your college decide your future!

For complete details about the Challenge , go through the video (in Hindi) : https://linktw.in/z8I9wr



Benefits (For the ones who complete the Challenge) :
Top 90-100 most frequently asked and most important questions by most big tech companies will be done.
The ones who complete this challenge will be given referrals for top tech companies and startups.
A special surprise gift for top performers.
Special 1 on 1 mentoring session on how to plan the things after this challenge - related to projects , revision , CS Fundamentals, Interview Tips , etc.
Rules :
Complete 1 company (15 Questions) in 5 days and try maintaining a github repository to store all the codes which can be later used as notes .You can name the repository as #6Companies30days or #ReviseWithArsh.
The questions provided will be on a gap of 5 days for a new company i.e from 1st to 5th Jan,6th to 10th Jan and so on.
Completing questions in these 5 days can be in any format - 3 questions a day or     maybe 6 questions a day.
You need to start the challenge by putting in a post on LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter     with hashtag #6Companies30days and #ReviseWithArsh and tag “Arsh Goyal” so that your entry can be tracked and you are eligible for referrals and other benefits.
Why wait to start- start it today!

Challenge Company 1 : Microsoft 
You are given an array of strings tokens that represents an arithmetic expression in a Reverse Polish Notation.
Combination Sum with a twist.
Bulls and Cows
You are given an integer array nums of length n. Return maximum length of Rotation Function.
Largest Divisible Subset.
How to find a perfect Rectangle.
Scheduling a Course.
Profitable Path in a Tree.
Number of Pairs satisfying Inequality.
Shortest Unsorted continuous Subarray
Number of ways to arrive at a Destination.
Longest Happy Prefix
Seat Arrangement in a SpiceJet Problem - Online OA February ‘22
Deletions to make an array divisible.
Substrings containing all three Characters

Next Company will be updated here (Can you guess ?)

College Club | Society | Training and Placement Cell Collaboration :
If you are the Training Placement Coordinator | Coding Club or Society Head | Lead or CSE/IT Department and wish to take this initiative to your college , mail at business.arshgoyal@gmail.com with your college/club name and estimated participation and social media handles of the club/tpo (if any).
 If shortlisted , you help improve your college Coding culture and make a difference. A special customised video message will also be shared by ‘Arsh Goyal’ with your college/club name announcing this challenge for your college.
Already collaborated with Thapar , IGDTUW , IIIT Pune , IIIT Guwahati , and 40+ more colleges last year - Let it be yours this time!


